Add documentation for check and fix: Self intersections and Split self-intersecting geometries (#10125)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/user_manual/processing_algs/qgis/fixgeometry.rst

   * - **Method**
     - ``METHOD``
     - [enumeration]
       
     - Method to apply to the self-intersecting geometries:

       * 0 -- ``Split feature into a multi-object feature``: splits the self-intersecting geometry into multiple parts, each part being a single-object feature.
       * 1 -- ``Split feature into multiple single-object features``: splits the self-intersecting geometry into multiple parts,each part being a single-object feature, and removes the original self-intersecting feature.
   * - **Field of original feature unique identifier**
     - ``UNIQUE_ID``
     - [tablefield: any]
     - Field storing unique values for feature identification in input layer,
       as set in the check algorithm
   * - **Field of part index**
     - ``PART_IDX``
     - [tablefield: integer]
 
       Default: ``gc_partidx``
     - Field storing the erroneous feature's geometry part number.
   * - **Field of ring index**
     - ``RING_IDX``
     - [tablefield: integer]

       Default: ``gc_ringidx``
     - Field storing the erroneous feature's geometry ring number.
   * - **Field of vertex index**
     - ``VERTEX_IDX``
     - [tablefield: integer]

       Default: ``gc_vertidx``

>      - Field storing the erroneous feature's geometry vertex number.

Reviewer: Having kept the same structure for the check algs output and the fix algs input looks weird to me, and leads to this kind of situation (for us and users). I can't see what this field actually represents; there is no particular vertex in this context and it is (rightfully) full of -1.

   * - **Field of segment 1**
     - ``SEGMENT_1``
     - [tablefield: integer]

       Default: ``gc_segment_1``

>      - Field storing the erroneous feature's geometry segment number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Field storing the number of the first segment involved in the erroneous intersection.
```
(or without `erroneous`)

   * - **Field of segment 2**
     - ``SEGMENT_2``
     - [tablefield: integer]

       Default: ``gc_segment_2``

>      - Field storing the erroneous feature's geometry segment number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Field storing the number of the second segment involved in the erroneous intersection.
```

   * - **Self-intersections fixed layer**
     - ``OUTPUT``

>      - [vector: line, polygon]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - [vector: same as input]
```

          :start-after: **layer_output_types**
          :end-before: **end_layer_output_types**

Advanced parameters
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1
   :widths: 20 20 20 40
   :class: longtable

   * - Label
     - Name
     - Type
     - Description
   * - **Tolerance**
     - ``TOLERANCE``
     - [numeric: integer]

       Default: 8
     - Numerical precision of geometric operations, given as an integer n,
       meaning that two vertices less than 10\ :sup:`-n` apart (in map units)
       are considered to be merged.

Outputs
.......

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1
   :widths: 20 20 20 40
   :class: longtable

   * - Label
     - Name
     - Type
     - Description
   * - **Report layer from fixing self-intersections**
     - ``REPORT``
     - [vector: point]
     - Output point layer representing the error locations and fix applied
       (the ID and name of the input layer, the ID, geometry part, ring and vertex index of the erroneous feature,
       x and y coordinates, the index of the intersecting segments, the applied fix and its successfulness).
   * - **Self-intersections fixed layer**
     - ``OUTPUT``

>      - [vector: line, polygon]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - [vector: same as input]
```
